# Portfolio
# This portfolio is show my skills through work I have done in my classes as well as work that has been done outside of it.

#The CS255: The Business Requirements Document and The System Design Document. Below I will explain what this project was about.
# This Project was about creating a software for a company called DriverPass. Their plan was to make a software and website that could help new drivers or even experianced drivers learn more about driveing, help drivers ace their drivers test, and create better drivers for the road. In this project I feel as if I had a great grasp on the concepts that were being asked of me and how everything needed to work together to make this project come to light. If I had to pick something in this project that I could revise I would like to go back to the diagrams I made and improve them. While I feel as if I had a good grasp on what the diagrams mean and that I can make them, I know I could do better on them and better convey what it is that each one is doing. The nect thing I want to state is the user needs where a big concern throught this project. In it we were tasked with always thinking about how the user will see this sytem and how to make it so that it is user friendly. This is important as the user is the main body that will be uing this site constantly. If the system is too complex for the average person with no technial background to use then no-one will use the system because it will be too hard to understand. Lastly is some steps that I personally took to designing this software. I looked at what wanted to be done by DriverPass and try to figure out how to implement everything they wanted in the sytem in a way that can be easily understood by their team and, hypothetically, mine. Doing so but their needs for the system as the for front of the project. I also wanted the system to be easy to use for them and for the users, as per their request. Doing this the future I would use a vision board or a text document to lay out all the things that need to be implemented and what needs to be done to implement them as a visual aid on what needs to be done. I will keep their needs in my intrest and the ease of use of the system for not only those who will use continue it after me but those will use the system on a daily basis. 
